Marcela take some pictures of us!
OK!
Include Catalina.
Are you recording this?
I feel stupid now.
They are not cool.
What? I love them!
Every place I go I hang a snake on my neck.
No Way!
And those scales!
I think it´s funny
how they stick together.
Where? Where? Where is it?
It's really angry!
The tiger is angry
you see, it's angry.
It's bored!
It's so cute!
The Jaguar or Tigre Mariposo (Butterfly Tiger)
Typical from Colombia.
It´s so cute!
Look at its beautiful eyes!
Awww
Hi!
It´s pregnant or just had a baby
because it has a belly.
They are definitely the kings.
Look at their place,
not even tigers.
Well, do something entertaining,
everyone has done something cool!
That was like phone sex, right?
(LOL)
It's getting ready,
and the other one is so relaaaxed!
Awww they groom each other.
That massage looks nice!
It looks like a stuffed animal,
look at its face!
Hello!
It's posing for us!
This is a "Tití del Chocó"
Don't throw your food!
It's peeling it.
It's a family!
Do you see them?
Yes I do!
They have a baby.
We are walking through
the spider-monkeys area
to get to the other side of the park.
There's still park of the zoo
we haven´t seen
as well as parts of the park.
We are going to eat something,
He have walked a lot
and we need a break.
We are in the second floor
looking for some desserts.
This lamp is made with clay.
This is so beautiful,
It's Noah's Ark Colombian Style.
It seems like the "Guatín"
came here to the squirrel's house
because it doesn't have one.
I don't know its behavior
but I think it ate the squirrel
in order to steal its home.
I apologize,
we missunderstood the situation.
This is not the "Guatín"
This is a "Lapa" (Paca)
and the "Guatín"
is at its place
and didn´t eat the squirrel.
Please forgive us.
The squirrel was fine,
in a different house.
Its weight is around one and a half tons,
they can weigh up to four tons.
It is eight years old.
Hi!
Take a picture!
What a show!
Do it again!
The peacock is standing on its sign
explaining itself.
We are planning to put it
in 9GAG and call it
the Obvious Bird.
Yeah, the Self Referential Peacock!
Here are some prints.
Cool!
Hi Birdl!
It is gorgeous!
It is drinking water.
Birds love to drink water
in disgusting places.
Call him, zoo whisperer.
Catalina has animal powers!
It is angry.
It's like it's saying:
This is my place!
Look at its back,
It's aware of us!
Oh! God!
Hi!
The Parrot: Quiere Cacao!
They are all wet.
They are asleep.
We ended our visit to the zoo at the snake
and continued walking arround the park.
if you didn't see our visit to the park,
the link to the last episode is at the end.